hello welcome to GUI and in web browsers
for the 6th of November 2019 this week
this week on the agenda we will talk
about awesome
ipfs policy to quick issue review for
ray 51 and then put a pin on co-hosting
we'll see how it goes let's start with
the first one awesome i PFS policy so in
the past week weeks we been talking
about ipfs slash awesome
rico which is also a website so this is
this website and this website is backed
by a github repo and that github repo
has always had a lot of pull requests
open and it's difficult to tell what
awesome and what's not i without some
kind of a policy so i believe the idea
was to sketch policy of what things
could be listed Liston listed on the
awesome ipfs website and repo not sure
how we handle this should we like just
brainstorm four or five minutes and then
write some points or is there a better
way you know maybe we should do spend a
couple of minutes just walking through
these initial comments here because some
thought has been put into it so far I
like Mac's initial idea or in a Victor's
initial idea in using the curt of
conduct as a starting point but beyond
that I think there's like
beyond things that are concerning I
think there are things that just either
we need to come up with a clear
definition of what belongs or does not
belong so is something built on ipfs yes
it is ipfs involved at all
step one megha should we like write this
on the agenda
that's a notes or yeah let's do that so
looking at so Matt's comments is
basically also copyright violations
that's covered by code of conduct also
the harassment free stuff we have a
harassment friendly harassment free
space so that also covered by the code
of conduct so I feel like the code of
conduct is is for sure table stakes for
being included like any like any part of
our anything in any more repos it's
covered by that code so that's season
one yeah then it needs to use ipfs like
actually use IP FS or yeah yes I think
if a repos name also might be first then
it needs to use ipfs not only likely p2p
or IP LD or something right
all in favor also probably sits an
awesome thing it should be used by
Morton thanks people
mmm hard to measure that yeah yeah so
maybe it better me to ask that question
is is there a reason why we want to turn
any ipfs project away aside from whether
it violates the code of conduct who
would we say no to and why
I'd say something that excludes people
due to financial reasons so if it's a
commercial product it should have like a
3-tier but not sure if it's a proper way
to frame it but I feel if we publish
something that's also my PFS
it should I I don't think we should
reject the projects that require a
monthly payment
it's an opt-in so I guess I'm wondering
if if there's a thing to my PFS then I
think it's awesome and I'm totally
excited to pay for yeah that's a good
question
should we let's say there's a audios and
yeah that's it like at this point it's
like free service but would it always be
like this would there be like a freak
year such as like on Spotify it has a
free tier when you got like
advertisements between songs that's why
I sort of sort of come up with this idea
that there should be it should be
possible to use a project or a service
without paying why I think like talking
about that we also have to take in
account that it's not services and that
you're talking about if yeah ABB's
articles data set services tools and
videos also like there could be a data
sets which are behind payroll are those
awesome I don't think so so that's why I
sort of like suggested they have even if
it's like a five day trial
yeah yeah yeah so if you - if you click
on something you should be able to
evaluate this and evaluate it without
paying
I like maybe we described that as
immediately usable and oh by everyone so
something like you can you can you can
you don't have to it is not because I
agree I don't think we want anything
that's entirely paywall yeah I like the
idea I don't want to ban somebody who
has a paid service because we want
people to actually make a living pay
their rent and buy clothes and food by
working with that PFS that's the end
goal so we can all do those things right
but I'm me I like the idea that you we
only want to publish things here that
are immediately usable by everyone just
a suggestion why did you go over each
category in the reasons why we would
something for each category for example
the videos why wouldn't we accept all
right I think it's simpler I don't know
yeah let's say some streaming service is
using IP FS would it be okay to put it
here well maybe new section all right
then that would be like in services
videos yeah videos should be oh man we
quickly go into the ribs of like having
a license for redistribution with within
the awesome ipfs no we just link right
there's no player yeah yeah there's no
producing but right now even with five
videos but they're not saying against
telling like all the ipfs cam videos for
example which yeah but why wouldn't it
be great though and I think that's the
question like is there a volume amount
are we trying to restrict certain sort
of things like limit 20 things in each
category or like if we're not limiting
and why is feed busy from the category
it makes sense as a category so I will
find new videos yeah video is the videos
the number one of all media distribution
it's the number one engagement channel
for developers I like kicking you can
get your message out in your tutorial
scene and your workshop scene and your
materials learned about with video so
much more than any amount of articles or
any amount of other type of community
engagement then the numbers kind of
speak for themselves people love
watching video I I don't really do like
reading code but a lot of people really
like videos so I really like that we
have video then I think like this point
about being immediately useful to people
applies to videos so you click on the
link you can watch the video the other
thing is that about the content itself
we don't want probably we don't want to
have dozens of introduction to ipfs
videos which are sort of like all the
same it probably should be something
that adds value on top of other things
that are already on the website but it's
highly subjective how do you evaluate
that it's like a dead point on the
policy again I want to flip the flip the
question a bit because I feel like it'll
be too hard to write a policy if we if
we don't have an understanding of the
broader constraint so there seems to be
a concern about having too much of
something too many of something that too
many of the same thing so then we have
to because we can't really just we can't
make those other decisions about what
meets like how if you have 20
introduction to ipfs videos which well
what if the one we have up there is the
worst one and then one of the ones we
didn't accept is way better
yep so I get I guess from where I said I
would rather make sure that we just get
everything in here if it meets that
basic criteria it's about IQ best and
then later we can add things that like
either you know reddit style loading
that flips stuff up to the top or
provides a sorting order based on how
often it's viewed things like that like
some or how many people start it or
something like that like later we can
add ways to maybe highlight the best
unless um the most awesome awesome ideas
but I I feel like it unless we come up
with something really clear like we only
have 20 of each in each category or
something like that then it's gonna be
really hard to out we're gonna have to
always be reevaluating it always kind of
redesigning these things yeah I'm not
sure about like limiting because then
it's like every new thing you want to
add will require you to drop something
that's like right exactly so that's what
I like you can only you can go one of
two ways there right like you're just
like okay let's put lettuce much stuff
be found here as possible get indexed by
search engines all this stuff which will
be a some also some sort of preservation
of sorting function on its own it's just
exponential on the website right or we
do something like that where we have a
system for how we limit what's there or
evaluate what is the best introduction
to IP this or we rotate really like
forever for every new one that comes in
in the data sets category we pop one off
the bottom take it out I think that was
a proposal to randomize it I think yeah
I think they are already randomly yeah
[Music]
but it seems like the questions that we
have around why would we say notice
something aside from code of conduct
well we already have a bunch it's it's
not as good as the other ones we already
have
yeah so it needs to be like not
noticeably unique it's like ah see
that's why I'm like it see it's much
easier if we just say just add
everything make it be like the canonical
source of all that I've give us things
and then we can layer on ways to narrow
down access to the best bits yeah I
think like right now it's if you look
outside
maybe apps every time you load it you
get a different board basically the more
you have the different different it is
yeah almost makes it so you so you can't
find something that you saw before ever
again
yeah but it's also like a this river
like website when you just go and get
something new every time yeah sure like
Easter because we right now we got like
respect code of conduct needs to use
ipfs and needs to be no pin well yeah
immediately usable
I will missing something crucial here
should it not it cause like things like
a respecting copyright all the
attribution it's all under like code of
conduct so that's like huge surface
covered there yeah I'm Anna this privacy
covered by the gonna stop code of
conduct okay good question like apps
privacy and data yeah how is the data
used if I use this IP FS be a staff yeah
it's I think that that's a reasonable so
having this apart from the code of
conduct like needs to come with clear
privacy policy would that be useful cuz
that if it's a video then the video is
on a some service and that service comes
with privacy policy and I mean at that
point like a on YouTube
that's a trade-off that that we need to
let the I feel like that's a trade-off
we need to the aid user make it and also
means that it's risk on its on us as the
curators embossed might be fast - then
have look at the privacy policies
evaluate the surveillance and data
collection practices of every single
link that comes in and that's just not
not reasonable like would that benefit
that we're gonna get from that is gonna
be really low and then it's all very
much to be auditing other people's
Cabezas so I propose instead of like
auditing privacy policies just require
to for a privacy policy to exist so the
people can always evaluate on their own
if it's an app or a service that service
should provide a link to a privacy
policy and you can put that in the issue
template too so that people have to but
not all categories of things might have
privacy policy like downloaded and data
set won't have a price privacy policy
use this library if you want we have the
full complete code like I like that to
your license yeah because it's like sort
of like if it's a data set or some
article then it's like a license under
something could be Creative Commons zero
or like requiring comment Creative
Commons zero holding to that unless it's
something else and if it's service than
there's our up then there is a privacy
policy right that's more or less should
cover sounds good
another thing which might be more
difficult
[Music]
so be careful about is the if it's
upstate for example we have a tool
called IP offense GOI which is supposed
to be a simple of Windows you are
providing a defense integration which
has not been updated since thousand
seventeen ok so I think we could tweak
this well here's the thing now if
somebody wants to make a new
windows-based ipfs QE they would find
that and maybe for kids make changes to
it they might start participating they
might revive the project so I don't want
to say remove stuff just cuz it's old
like the best ideas explainer it might
be old um so I I don't know if that's
the right trade-off there
I think the sorting sorting and ordering
might help they're a little bit like if
we change from random to sort by newest
always so you always everybody who comes
sees fresh content yeah might be a way
to then that that old one will get
pushed way down below the fold
you know 8:32 the content Thanks or we
could like tweak this randomization sort
of be a tiered like randomized newest
stuff or the past like six months or a
year and then randomize everything
colder than that but it's sort of like a
separate separate discussion we got four
points and I I'm not sure I think there
should be a point about if additional
information was required so you submit a
peer to the repo right and you're and
you forgot to link to license or a
privacy policy or something and someone
making peer review asked you for that
we should be able to simply close the PR
without merging if we don't get response
within angry then we know now how to
frame that in one short sentence well in
that case it never gets added right so I
feel like that's a little bit different
yeah I think it's a basically if if
their license is missing it's breaking
the last point so yeah yeah yeah I think
that's a pretty solid list yeah and we
still haven't solved that we kind of do
have an open concern about too many of X
too many of Y but I feel like that's a
low priority concern compared to the
rest of this stuff yeah I think I we can
fix that in a whole bunch of different
other ways one yeah I think we have a
bot which checks if links are still
valid and we like remove that the clicks
that no longer resolve so we already
have like a cleanup process in place
wings awesome we could always remove
like extend it to periodically checking
projects because the domain may still
work but a different thing might be
behind it domain that's that's a
separate separate problem space are we
happy with this list or do we want to
spend more time on it looks good to me I
think it's fine I think it's the right
balance of how much time we want to put
into running awesome ipfs and having
some clear guidance on what's allowed
and what's not all right I think the
action item here because later we can
then say say we do end up with 258
introduction to I confess videos and
we're like okay that's a good problem
let's figure out then let's figure out
how to you know sort them by what people
like or what we're effective or
something like that but that we can
solve that later down the road
all right go so we will be our driver
Polly Olsen to the repo with those
points and we'll likely find them later
should we move to the next one brightly
one issue again
yeah one quick thing can you request
review on that policy from
what's-his-name
there's a nice fellow from your
continent that also reviews some of the
PRS no then he pops in okay please ask
all of you to review I can't remember if
you is French living in Germany or
Austria and living in Belgium or
something like that okay I probably find
a nice yeah nice person in the 3po from
Europe he was reviewing a bunch of these
PRS oh okay I think I know who all right
sounds like a plan
yeah all right brave v1 issue review I
should look at the projects yeah you can
walk through the set of issues that we
say okay this is the diffuse koala
Lorenzo if we can stay like these are
the definitive set of issues that we
absolutely must fix and then strong line
I'm saying and call it v1 because we
have a lot of options here I was super
scared that I forgot to press record
button so I can check what I'm recording
sorry Avella all right let's go with
like in order
in progress this is metal shoe which I
sort of like started splitting stuff out
of it because it's grew too big and you
can scroll and scroll and see all the
related issues in other repos sorry to
use like a jacket like a junction point
to see relate work related to brave but
that it's mostly like a placeholder
because I'm not able to like see see
this this board so the first one on the
to-do list is a local discovery story
behind local discovery is that right now
we are able to discover go ideas but in
the local network using mdns however if
you go to two brave browsers those
browsers are not able to announce
themselves using mdns and instead they
discover each other using centralized
WebSocket star signaling server so they
discover each other using that signaling
server and they exchange local IPs and
then they connect directly so the
central the centralized signaling server
is only used for this initial discovery
that then there's a peer-to-peer
connection between them so a fix here
would be to see if we are able to reuse
this UDP port 53 53 which is part of the
spec if not write a custom discovery or
using different port that's specific to
brave that's more or less background on
this issue so this seems like it this is
functionality to kind of be aligned with
beyond regular gateway usage so I feel
like this is something that we could
push to v2 yep should be like Magnus
somehow like a priority or yeah or a
label I think a label for you is to
something like that or maybe maybe I
should like should I like name this
brave v1 and make a separate project for
brain
Vito would that be easier now that
sounds that sounds good it makes it
harder to be able to to view just for
all the two issues though so I'm kind of
in favor of doing a label no matter what
and then you don't want to use a project
board later
that's fine I'll soon let's do a brave
Vito for now
we can always I was going to suggest
instead of creating a new project grade
a new column oh yeah actually yeah oh
yeah actually let's make this yeah
that's really nice because then we can
see that clear yeah between yeah and
then if I like added to this project if
you'll automatically land in d2 because
it's a board with some sort of like
automation alright so this is a V V -
then welcome screen should suggest
embedded node as an option so that's
definitely tier 8 yeah that's an open
question because if we ship right now we
ship when someone installed sacrifice
companion they are asked to instil a
profess desktop or going offense on this
welcome screen the question is that we
remains true for v1 and we could change
that in v2
however we could also in v1 add this
less prominent option to try embedded
ASAP Affairs should could that be v1 I
think this is a could be v1 doesn't have
to must be v1 right nice like a nice to
have I think we do want to encourage
people to try the embedded node we have
a lot of opportunities to do that
Azzam yeah let's make it very very low
and for now yeah sounds great all right
brave and what you are missing values in
latest column that sort of a pro open
problem still I hope to let me find it
yeah I was hoping that maybe I'll show
it to maybe break nightly
[Music]
all right and I switch to edit notes no
way if I stop sharing it will start
working
I can't believe it I have no idea why
that's a suppose that's a separate okay
because that's nightly it may not be a
problem let me check
that's what you get for using nightly
for demo okay so my local node is
offline
there's no ID first desktop I switched
to yeah that was Nike I switched em but
note take some time to start eventually
to start yep and I got some peers okay
so if I open well you I there's some
fascinating black blocks of and rendered
content that's pretty dope really speed
things up that's because I just like
immunity okay
so this value for anyone watching this
it's fast on the regular laptops it's
just my luck
so the this value is is the latency of a
Givens here because I'm both recording
and alright so on the pure screen you
can see the latency is empty another
thing a no idea what this is happening
on bandwidth graph and what's
interesting this bug with canvas happens
also if you are using regular web UI in
brave for some reason the empty latency
column is only on the embedded node let
me move that to a separate screen but
basically it's a a cosmetic issue like
this and and the other one are cosmetic
issues would probably it does not like
break where do i screen it's just like a
missing like a sitcom this also seems to
mean are you mute it or it's just me not
not hearing you at all cuz I just
realize you liked your movie but I
cannot hear you anyway can you say
something hello
oh gosh it's me sorry guys one second a
can you hear me I can okay
can you hear me now yeah we can hear you
the whole time but I think maybe you
couldn't hear us are you using the
Huawei laptop maybe that is the problem
this video stream is not sponsored by
highway so sorry about that for some
reason my audio just got muted can you
hear yeah I can hear now I understand
you're commenting behind the scenes for
a long time and I was not able to hear
you
this seems like a nice to have not a
blocker for people all right let's mark
it like now the other issue where the
bandwidth page also shows nothing on the
canvas that seems like it might actually
be a blocker for anyone if if with
non-embedded node we usually showed that
data then it seems like we should figure
out what's causing that to me oh yeah I
believe I created an issue for for that
graph in web UI repointed yep but I
should be able to add a card with this
so yeah I also have a recommendation I
say we give ourselves ten minutes to
speed through the rest of these issues
because it's like taking should have
turbo triage
oh I think you are familiar enough with
most of these issues to that you could
probably make a determination fairly
quickly okay like switching webui to
Indira I profess probably not a blocker
not a broker at all
request throttling block action button
update
that's v1 for sure cuz it's like the UI
does not work it's probably optimization
in the way we analyze things evaluate
alternative data store that's v2
the current one works also we are
waiting for performance fixes like you
go preload of the high cached web UI
triggers trotting Osprey old nodes that
we want and that's mostly like me either
throttling it on the extension end or
talking with Olli and the Gateway be
first team to make those limits
throttling limits higher if it comes
from companion or of something then
where do I show simple it NFS wait wait
wait hold on back up so that last one
that happens no matter what right like
that has nothing to do necessarily with
brave it happens if you are using and by
the JCB of us so then it definitely sp2
I think anything with him with embedded
node and any optimization for embedded
notice v2 and the whole point of calling
this v1 is now between the release of b1
which is embedded notice experimental
it's not expected to work MV to is we
can figure out what doesn't work don't
fix it ok so if we are moving things
that happen only if you are using
committed node
yeah yeah then also like all this stuff
who is that also I felt so that's why I
was asking about the the bandwidth
screen yeah so actually only bandwidth
that's a problem in both okay then yeah
like I feel like anything that is
directly a side-effect of running
embedded node is not a have to fix for
everyone at all it should be in v2 okay
like let's let's identify the minimum
set of issues that we can that ones that
we absolutely have to fixed you'll say
the regular I'd give us note not
invented running engrave oh yeah oh
that's a super super easy lens to pass
through that's because the things in v1
are things that happen or needs to be
answered no matter if you are using
external or embedded node right so
mostly we care about this initial
experience someone is going to settings
yeah I did twice today companion and you
get this in default experience when we
ask you to install a P first desktop so
in that case we need to have the status
page working fine with a remember that
it with external go up if as we could
suggest this option and we also need to
fix NFS size however this is not like
specific to brave at all yeah
generic bug in web UI so that's probably
I feel like that that's not a black or
either we probably I'm not even sure if
it should be under brave because I found
it when I was working on brave that's
mostly like related to co-hosting yeah
they say and that's one of a number of
reasons that can cause those things to
be out of sync right like across the
topology of running desktop and running
in a bedded node and running web UI
there's multiple reasons why the numbers
there might not reflect what you've
actually added to repo what you haven't
so that's the problem the problem with
this lens is that actually all the
problems happen with embedded node
that's great so the only the only
question is should we suggest them but
note I think we could yeah I really like
that I don't think it's a blocker for it
but I think it would be a really nice in
to introduce like we've gotten this far
the extension is semi pre-installed
we have some nice feet and then we have
an additional set of superpowers that we
have in brain that are experimental for
training yep better not production ready
yeah yeah and also that's a part of we
like improving this welcome screen right
now we got at recently added button to
just open web UI if you got everything
installed the idea was to add like
separate buttons for like files and
other things to make this initial
experience more useful for people too
because people insta like PFS companion
that's a neat going on a tangent a
little bit annexed started looking at
those like on an InStyle feedback and
often people were not sure what to do or
like it was not what people expected and
if on the welcome screen we provide some
options that make make it easier for
people to discover what's what I think
that's it because like v1 is basically
the day works polish and and the rest is
iterating on the method not supposed to
be with v2 excellent that sounds great
that means maybe we can put these posts
together by the end of lab week and
maybe publish early December because
otherwise due to other releases like go
ipfs and file current related stuff and
then holidays we would want to wait and
do a blog post in January that is a
requirement so that I think this this
makes our our our pathway and
uncluttered very clear to be able to do
that and doing that in just a if we can
do it in early December I think we've
talked about sorry some that sounds
pretty good and DeVito's stuff it will
happen like in the background anyway
those are things some of those things
are not like very specific but it's like
breakfast first
function to address them sooner than
that yeah and what we should do as well
as maybe at a future meeting road map
out where we when we want to do V to
edit noted goal is for 2020 oh yeah
because those are sort of like a
leftovers from v1 v2 will have much more
yeah like native native stuff hints on
the browser level things that we've
discussed in general right all right I
guess that's done cool the remaining
topic is co-hosting co-hosting so kind
of thing super excited so much stuff to
do but but the proposal we're thinking
about one of the themes for 2020 being
Wikipedia and this type of flows and
what I wanted to suggest was to actually
stop work on co-hosting for now and tell
the end of the year so that we can focus
on getting the test stuff up and running
before the end of the year which is a
the priority for the quarter that now is
what I wanted to propose I kinda agree I
mean we should finalize those open PRS I
think honestly we the only like
remaining thing we have this common line
tool installable from NPM which is
acting as co-host and there are slacker
I believe how can you open the pr2 to
I haven't but there's the issue
I'm just waiting to know what's the
stressful tres tres move something like
that oh yeah yeah for the 4s or twister
confirmation because I suggested wasn't
100 megabytes which is huge and then I
know that that I if s is tight is 10
megabytes and the blog is for 40
megabytes and Ellen wasn't expecting
yeah that was interesting conversation
cuz yeah turns out the repo with the
website has a lot of like super old
examples which I don't think we no
longer linked to but we still publish
them with education yeah it's a
professor it's the duplicated across all
versions but still yeah so long story
short I think we we probably could could
should add this threshold so we warned
user before they've been super big thing
because people will first think people
will try to like co-host Wikipedia and
we should at least warn them hey it's
650 gigs so we would like you know check
the size of entire tree and display nice
warning but I feel when it comes to time
we invest in co-hosting this quarter
that would be like the last task the
integration of like ipfs co-host as a
library like both making sure it's a
small bundle library and also then
integrating that bundle with ipfs
companion you I and type II first
desktop for like updating in background
I feel that's something that needs to
happen that in q1 or later yeah it was
actually the threshold conversation that
kind of made me start thinking about
this because I was like okay there there
are I feel like we're gonna start making
decisions about what the users who might
be doing co-hosting want without their
input and without like I feel like that
was a whole discussion the default
whether the default should be lazy or
not was a discussion about the decisions
that actually the users of co-hosting
need to make about how they want it to
behave and where it's integrated in
their system and I want to be able to
have that conversation in a broader way
with the input of the people that
actually want to do that archiving like
a little bit of user research and a few
interviews of people who were like if I
was gonna have my browser open and I
happen to have two I profess desktop
running and
being installed and I'm at a website and
I'm like I want to click a button and
say I want this website to be available
for everyone at that point they need to
be able to make those types of decisions
around what hardware capacity they have
available how much bandwidth they want
to be able to share and use and we can
hang out and talk in circles to make
those decisions for them without their
input and without doing that research
and there's no guarantee we're gonna be
right and even if we do the research
there's no guarantee right but I want to
be able to have a more informed decision
making process around how we actually
rolled this out in a way that makes it
available like we have it though I think
the potential here is for some of the
high level dreams of ipfs to really be
true for end-users in an easily
accessible way and I want as many people
as possible to be able to take advantage
of that and I think if we're just doing
that in in repose where it's you know
the three of us and maybe Alan or maybe
one other person talking about in the
context of a CLI it's not the right
we're not going to have the best ability
or visibility when we make those
decisions so that's why I was like I
really want us to be able to think about
this in a more product oriented way so
that we can get it into the hands of
millions of people and I think it's
gonna be hard to do that with lab week
or testing stuff that we need to do and
then the holidays but it does fit in
really well into a 2020 where we're
focused for the whole year and a theme
that might be orient around exactly this
type of exposure it might be fast
totally
and just to clarify this discussion
about threshold was specific to this
common line tool which the the I believe
like the key purpose of this common line
tool is to ship basic implementation of
co-hosting spec just so people can play
with it and it works everywhere unlike
like the bar script so that's that's the
only yeah at the same time like even the
people that running and see a live you
know we're kind of making that decision
we can't just say there's no default
right that's another one there is no
default just like the person has to
specify which the way they actually what
another
good there's time put into something
where we don't actually need a decision
yet anyway yeah so like I I agree we
probably should that boom put a pin on
any new stuff related to co-hosting
especially like this library integration
to combine an under stop I'd still like
to ship safer version of this
command-line tool I like I fully
understand there is the concern of like
making arbitrary decisions like we can
we can always change it the problem is
like if someone likes like enters ipfs
co-host add Wikipedia that's really
problematic if because we the problem is
we don't have api's for tracking
progress of fetching such huge data set
it's 650 gigabytes and basically the
command Hanks until you got everything
on your disk that's why I want some
helpful hands to user hey it's 650 gigs
but wasn't the default lazy before and
then that wouldn't happen it is still
defaults it's still default so weak we
can just like put a pin on it that's the
part on the pause button
yes is there any issues there's probably
there's always issues there are already
issues tracking things like uploaded
download status the way that you're
describing file transfer status but are
those anywhere near a reality having
some ability to see what happened like
ipfs out a 650 game directory or file so
like if you add data to ipfs there's the
tracking progress
we got API for that I don't think we
have API for tracking fetch from ipfs
itself so if I want to fetch that CID
which is like 600 gigabytes I have no
good way to tell at what's the
percentage of that on my local note I'm
not able to tell how much it will take
given the current speed and that's why
we sort of like created co-hosting to
surface those problems right we those
are very good problems to have when you
start playing with with goo you see oh
we actually don't have api for tracking
dot and that's something we will need to
tackle before we integrate it to
companion or aquafers desktop in some
way because like if we do the lazy thing
then we know we don't need to track
progress but the moment we give people
option to pin entire thing then we need
those API X so that will probably happen
in stages even in like 2020 it will
still happen in stages because we need
those API still an team that go and
other places all right that is it is
amazing how how powerful it is building
actual gooeys and surfacing how
engineering oriented their project is so
far I mean it is a protocol so that is
not really surprising but in terms of
understanding what the needs of those
protocol that protocol is in order to
with it what we need from that protocol
in order to do basic things like user
communication that's that's without a
doubt one of those powerful parts of
these types of projects spending a year
on developing co-hosting into a very
mature product flow I think would would
be a result in likely nothing but very
good things for that core protocol yeah
and then like I'm not smart like we are
not married to this specific version of
co-hosting a messy convention yeah it's
a convention to start conversation going
I believe like like the key thing that
we should like focus on is this
interaction when you are on a website
like Wikipedia and you make that
decision all like the technical the
decisions and a which api's are used or
added should come from that moment when
user wants to help Wikipedia but they
may have limited space or they may not
fully understand how ipfs whoo and
distributed networks work and they just
want I don't know I they should be able
to like oh I should be I want to help to
the degree my local machine lets me to
like write and those are very
interesting questions from from like the
UX experience all the technical aspects
and problems we have for our service
which I'm pretty happy with how come is
going so far because yeah we do yeah I
think that's part of the challenge is
that it is exciting we're like ah
there's a lot of potential here and it
would be super fun to be able to build
this and we'd be able to see kind of
like how what the adoption but would
look like pretty early and easily and
that's a that's a pretty powerful
powerful story but I want us to be able
to do it we need I feel like we need to
get we need to get the testing stuff out
of the way first because that's the
priority for for this quarter and make
sure that we at least have some like
basic end-to-end tests and asier
before before going on in tackling these
are the bigger projects alright who is
going to submit the PR for them or the
issue of the PR for the policy to start
that conversation oh wow that's super
easy we we did the hard part we had the
conversation um what I was thinking is
maybe I just post I'm gonna paste this
and that issue because there's already
an issue there for a discussion and
the people that are there comment on
this proposal for an initial criteria
and that would be a good start and then
once we get some agreement there's some
in a PR so I kind of go back and forth
on like submitting a PR PRS have
momentum so then once there's that PR
there it seems like a little bit less of
a discussion it's like a way to totally
own the conversation without it's that's
a little bit it's like an aggro
conversation starter there's already an
issue in a conversation so I'll just put
paces in there nobody says any big great
very it's very permissive policy oh yeah
I'm like I had the brain card I meant
nice for this meeting
ah yes click nice I need to convert all
of our there's like a bunch other means
I need to convert to use that now I
think it should be easier because now
you will like remove puffs I had to like
add quarter calculation to Volkers altar
notes yeah there was a bug I fix it no
quarter sorry correctly calculate now I
just want to I was gonna add a PR that
allowed you to to have that tool read
inputs from the URL bar so that then you
can actually use it like an API and make
bookmarklets and add-ons just add those
parameters to the URL and then the form
will autofill yep pretty useful I might
say all right guys we'll be stopping
recording soon so let's wave and see
let's see everyone next week